# Electrustok
In modern commercial activities, people are prone to conduct transactions and value transmission through a third-party authority to ensure the safety of such business. Such is the birth of blockchain, that just solved the confidence problem among people with equal positions enjoyed by both sides of the contractual relation, as well as joint liability to the success of whole transactions. No one can take the rights and escape from responsibilities. The blockchain helps to build a solid trust foundation of technique among unfamiliar people, with which the point-to-point transactions are reliably accomplished, solving the confidence issue perfectly.

ETO ecological intelligence trust system was born for that--Electrustok，as the world's first blockchain trust network based on POS+DPOS consensus mechanism，is a brand new payment system, a non-tamperable contract agreement, as well as a truly open, fair, transparent, and free win-win platform.
Electrustok joined the first ETO ecological intelligence trust system, using cloud computing quantum supremacy and machine learning technology, through logistic regression, decision tree, random forest and other model algorithms, to comprehensively process and evaluate data of various dimensions, in the models of miners’ credit history, behavior preferences, performance ability, identity trait. The higher the user’s credit score is, the more rights and benefits they can enjoy; the greater the user’s computing power is, the bigger the benefits they can obtain, and the five dimensions of the largest and interpersonal connections objectively present a comprehensive score of personal credit status, to establish a unified credit system for Electrustok account users’ credit value. The platform applies distributed storage to realize the content distribution of cryptocurrency based on blockchain technology, hence provides a decentralized incentive mechanism for the file storage system to attract edge storage, thereby reducing storage costs using consensus algorithms to improve the performance of the main blockchain.

ETO, as a token on the Electrustok platform, assesses miners' computing power and awards through smart contracts, of which the smart contract code is publicly available and open to the supervision of users all over the network, relying on the openness, transparency and non-tamperability, to win the wholehearted confidence of users in the ETO mining process. In the TEST NET version, the mining function is directly embedded in the underlying platform of the blockchain as the native and basic function of the Electrustok platform. In addition to ensuring safety and credibility, it further improves the operating performance of the system. In order to ensure the safety of users’ assets, the Electrustok platform also introduces a trust guarantee contract, which makes the management of platform funds in compliance with the accounting principle of balance between in and out with a perpetual 1:1 proportion of funds and no bubble, and it is automatically executed. Users can rest assured at the level of operating mechanism, and the safety of user assets is foolproofly achieved.

Electrustok dreams to use the blockchain smart contract to rebuild the trust network system, which is applied to the field of decentralized payment, such as securities trading, trade financing, AR, tourism, games, community e-commerce, gambling, entertainment city, online shopping mall, etc., also to develop applications with exchanges, banks and other mainstream financial institutions to reconstruct the new financial order!
Electrustok's ideal is to build an honest and sustainable smart contract system to create a new financial order, which is fairer, freer and more democratic!
Here, trust is an instinct, and eternal integrity is no longer an illusion;
Here, where there is circulation, there is value, with which wealth is created;
Here, consensus and trust are reached through the blockchain, where participants are rewarded with various incentives.
Here, blockchain decentralization is used to make up for the shortcomings of traditional contracts, restoring the fairest perpetual smart contracts.

Welcome to join us and become a preacher of the Electrustok ecological smart contract system, using blockchain to create a symbiosis of the financial community to breed an indestructible trust contract.
